Armageddon
Shoot
Imma get 'em
Watch Uh
Imma bite back Uh
When the thick darkness
Stops ya, Uh
One step forward
Swoop, It's bad
Gone, Feedback
Hit it, Code black Uh
Getting deeper
This chaotic night
And sticky thick nightmare creeps
Tryna hide something
I got it, I got it
Riding in on the chaos, then
Strike, Killing like
Bang chitty bang
Bang chitty bang bang
Cause I wanna see
I wanna see truly
Bang chitty bang
Bang chitty bang bang
Come to me, closer, closer
Imma get it
Done
(Aw wayo wayo)
Aimed at ya, Get it, gone
Now I finish ya, Better run
(You and I we know no end, You gonna, gonna)
Smash it no doubt, Done
(Go way up, way up)
Full shot pull it up Armageddon
Imma get 'em
Shoot
Hey ya
My alter ego
Don't block our flow
We never play nice
Shoot
A perfect Pair
You're my identical Soul
Three to get ready
We're Shoot and go
Roam unafraid
Leading me is the Way
Bang chitty Bang
Bang chitty bang bang
Yes I'm gonna see
I'm gonna see, want it
Bang chitty bang
Bang chitty bang bang
The answer, I hear it, I hear it
Imma get it
Done
(Aw wayo wayo)
Aimed at ya, Get it, gone
Now I finish ya, Better run
(You and I we know no end, You gonna, gonna)
Smash it no douobt, Done
(Go way up, way up)
Full shot pull it up Armageddon
Imma get 'em
Drive off the darkness once more
And so it flowers this Story of us
You and me, even more flawless
(Armageddon)
Now define it
My personal definition of Complete
I shall lead every part of me
Do it all myself
At last complete myself
(Drop)
Throw it back,
throw it back,
throw it back
Born like a queen
Born like a king Ya
Throw it back,
throw it back,
throw it back
Sing it
Imma get 'em
Done
(Aw wayo wayo)
Aimed at ya, Get it, gone
Now I finish ya, Better run
(You and I we know no end, You gonna, gonna)
Smash it no doubt, Done
(Go way up, way up)
Full shot pull it up Armageddon
Armageddon
(Aw wayo wayo wayo Warning all night long)
(Aw wayo wayo)
For both the end and the beginning
Armageddon